https://codepen.io/Crosbie1234/pen/MWoZMrQ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the tags that makeup html.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used as a frame for a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    The attribute is used as a reference. We put it in an element the describes something.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used as a title for the page or the main element, it should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    both the class and src tags require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    In the head of the document we put all the information that makes the page function.
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is similar to a class, it used as a marker.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    most elements can have an id added.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    you can only use one id per that specific element.
    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a reference.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    It can be used on any HTML elemnt. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    you can use classes as many times as you need.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    "target_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    used as a placeholder incase the image doesnt appear
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    sections have semantic meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style the webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is used to call one element and the class is used to call more than one element. 
    We can use id when the element appears on the page just once, we can use a class when we want to style elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using a dot
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector helps keep things simple. it would be helpful is you have multiple classes.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a.link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is a selector that can change an item.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border:1px black dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm it can cause many bugs
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it keeps track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or whenever a feature is added
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the REPO.
        2. Clone your REPO.
        3. Create the branch that you will be working on.
        4. Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch.
      


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element doesn't start a new line. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
     its positioned relative to its first element.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    inline-block element
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    <div>, <h1>, <section>
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    It is a box that wraps all elements. 